0.29 CLI Documentation (#762)
astronomer/docs: software/cli-release-notes.md

## Overview

This document provides a summary of all changes made to the [Astro CLI](install-cli.md) for the v0.29.x series of Astronomer Software. For general product release notes, see [Astronomer Software Release Notes](release-notes.md).

If you have any questions or a bug to report, reach out to us via [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io).

## Astro CLI v0.29

> Release date: June 1, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: June 2, 2022
```

> ### Create New Projects With Astro Runtime Images

Reviewer: Let's link to the "Differences between Astro Runtime + Astronomer Certified" section here

> `astro dev init` now initializes Astro projects with the latest Astro Runtime image by default. To use a specific Runtime version, you can run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`astro dev init` now initializes Astro projects with the latest Astro Runtime image by default. To use a specific Runtime version, run:
```

```sh
astro dev init --runtime-version <runtime-version>
```

If you want to continue using Astronomer Certified images in your new Astro projects, specify the new `--use-astronomer-certified` flag:

```sh
astro dev init --use-astronomer-certified
```

### Create Software Deployments with Astro Runtime

> To support running Astro Runtime images on Astronomer Software Deployments, you can now specify a Runtime image version when creating new deployments using `astro deployment create`. To do so, you can run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To support running Astro Runtime images on Astronomer Software Deployments, you can now specify a Runtime image version when creating new deployments using `astro deployment create`. To do so, run:
```

```sh
astro deployment create <flags> --runtime-version=<your-runtime-version>
```

### Migrate Existing Software Deployments to Runtime

> The Astro CLI includes a new command for migrating existing Software Deployments from Astronomer Certified to Astro Runtime. To initiate the process for migrating a Software Deployment to a Runtime image, you can run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Astro CLI includes a new command for migrating existing Software Deployments from Astronomer Certified to Astro Runtime. To migrate a Software Deployment to a Runtime image, run:
```

```sh
astro deployment runtime migrate --deployment-id=<deployment-id>
```

For more information, see the [CLI Reference Guide](cli-reference.md#astro-deployment-runtime-migrate).

### Upgrade a Deployment's Runtime Version

> The Astro CLI includes a new command for upgrading existing Software Deployments from one an older version of Runtime to a newer version. To initiate the process for upgrading a Software Deployment's runtime image, you can run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Astro CLI includes a new command for upgrading existing Software Deployments to a newer version of Runtime. To upgrade a Software Deployment runtime image, run:
```

```sh
astro deployment runtime upgrade --deployment-id=<deployment-id> --desired-runtime-version=<desired-runtime-version>
```

For more information, see the [CLI Reference Guide](cli-reference.md#astro-deployment-runtime-updgrade).

### Additional Improvements

> - `astro deployment list` now shows each Deployment's image version.

Reviewer 3: This can be skipped, its not even a bug fix, it was simply changing column name in the output response so that it can capture both Runtime & AC image type

### Create Software Deployments with Astro Runtime

To support running Astro Runtime images on Astronomer Software Deployments, you can now specify a Runtime image version when creating new deployments using `astro deployment create`. To do so, run:

```sh
astro deployment create <flags> --runtime-version=<your-runtime-version>
```

### Migrate Existing Software Deployments to Runtime

The Astro CLI includes a new command for migrating existing Software Deployments from Astronomer Certified to Astro Runtime. To initiate the process for migrating a Software Deployment to a Runtime image, run:

```sh
astro deployment runtime migrate --deployment-id=<deployment-id>
```

For more information, see the [CLI Reference Guide](cli-reference.md#astro-deployment-runtime-migrate).

### Upgrade a Deployment's Runtime Version

The Astro CLI includes a new command for upgrading existing Software Deployments to a newer version of Runtime. To upgrade a Software Deployment runtime image, run:

```sh
astro deployment runtime upgrade --deployment-id=<deployment-id> --desired-runtime-version=<desired-runtime-version>
```

> For more information, see the [CLI Reference Guide](cli-reference.md#astro-deployment-runtime-updgrade).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [CLI Reference Guide](cli-reference.md#astro-deployment-runtime-upgrade).
```
